FinalTests2023/README.md, before:

Group: Jacob Flasko, Matthew Kurtz, Thomas Halligan and Randy Sinz

Setup Guide:

Before running the Selenium tests, please complete the following steps:

Update Empty Variables ☹️:

There are several variables in the test code that are currently empty or contain placeholders❗. Please replace these with the appropriate values:

Username and Password:
Replace [Enter Username Here] with your actual username. (Line 15)
Replace [Enter Password Here] with your actual password. (Line 16)
Web Driver Path:
Replace [Your Driver Path Here] with the actual path to your ChromeDriver executable. (Line 21)
Project URL:
Replace [Path to Project Here] with the URL of the ASP.NET application you are testing. (Line 23)
Additional Page URLs:
If your tests involve other pages within the application, add their URLs to the projectURL variable, separated by commas.
User Data:
Replace the placeholder values for startingWeight, curentWeight, desiredWeight, heightInInches, gender, ActivityLevel, birthday, and firstName, lastName, and email.
Element Xpaths:
Replace all occurrences of [Add The Xpath To The Element Here] with the actual Xpaths of the web elements you want to interact with.
Alternatively change the locator and use the ID or Class Name.
Home Page URL:
Replace Add Home Page URL Here with the URL of the application's home page. 2.
Copy Dependencies from my Pom.xml file:

Run the Tests ✅

Commit message:

modified README.md to cover the Edge Case Tests

FinalTests2023/README.md, after:

Group: Jacob Flasko, Matthew Kurtz, Thomas Halligan and Randy Sinz

Setup Guide:

Before running the Selenium tests, please complete the following steps:

Update Empty Variables ☹️:

There are several variables in the test code that are currently empty or contain placeholders❗. Please replace these with the appropriate values:

Username and Password:
Replace [Enter Username Here] with your actual username. (Line 15)
Replace [Enter Password Here] with your actual password. (Line 16)
Web Driver Path:
Replace [Your Driver Path Here] with the actual path to your ChromeDriver executable. (Line 21)
Project URL:
Replace [Path to Project Here] with the URL of the ASP.NET application you are testing. (Line 23)
Additional Page URLs:
If your tests involve other pages within the application, add their URLs to the projectURL variable, separated by commas.
User Data:
Replace the placeholder values for startingWeight, curentWeight, desiredWeight, heightInInches, gender, ActivityLevel, birthday, and firstName, lastName, and email.
Element Xpaths:
Replace all occurrences of [Add The Xpath To The Element Here] with the actual Xpaths of the web elements you want to interact with.
Alternatively change the locator and use the ID or Class Name.
Home Page URL:
Replace all occurrences of [Add The Xpath To The Element Here] with the actual Xpaths of the web elements you want to interact with in the Edge case tests.
Replace Add Home Page URL Here with the URL of the application's home page. 2.
Copy Dependencies from my Pom.xml file:

Run the Tests ✅
